81354: -4792, -514 .. Cita Laga[15] .. noble gas mining
81459: -4854, -380 .. Opla[20] .. noble gas mining
81286: -4733, -560 .. Elona[13] .. raw gas


my routine:
 check gifts (10min, 4h, 24h categories)
   note: 10min timer for 'next' gift starts after you claim it, so claim
         promptly if you can!
   note: bug bug if 'gift' ever says '00s' it means 'click me to claim'
   note: bug bug if you are in the 'gifts' section and a gift says '00s' then
         click 'recruit' on the bottom and back to 'gifts' on the bottom so
         it can show the 'claim' button (saves time vs going back and clicking
         on gifts again, aka screen refresh within gifts is faster vs going to
         alt view back to gifts) interior view of station resources, click on
         them to store them (dilithium, tritanium, parsteel)
 try to keep...
   building/upgrading bits of the station
   researching new bits for station and combat
   note: building/repairing/researching can be 'free' if you click on 'free'
         when it gets to < 5min to completion
 try really hard to avoid paying for time, gifts can give you speedups,
   missions can give you speedups, latinum i try to save for resources that
   are hard to find, including ship xp for leveling up ships
 when missions take you to a new cluster of systems, after you've done a step
   in a mission, send the ship to the surrounding systems, you can always
   go back and view them later (oncd it has started warping, click on the next
   system to visit, and wait for it to drop out of warp to send it on again.
   once a system has a white circle around it, you can see stuff inside except
   details of missions or accept missions). Good trick for finding resources
   later!

 
tricks:
o when construction is nearly at 5min, know what your next construction
  project will be, and if it is not depending on the existing
  construction project it will inform you the queue is full, click 'speed
  up' and then just sit on the screen until it shows 'free' after it has
  ticked down to less than 5min, click 'free' and instantly the 2nd
  project will start.  i believe this saves a few seconds on construction
  vs clicking 'free' then going to find the next project and clicking
  'upgrade'
o when attacking ships to gather resources (safter than mining
  especially early on), you can quickly move on to the next target by
  choosing 'attack' then scrolling the screen to find the next target, and
  waiting for the battle to finish before clicking 'attack' then moving on
  to the next target .. etc. shaves time vs letting the battle end then
  finding a target to click on it and wait for the dialog to open and
  click 'attack'
o note that the icons on the generators interior to the station show how
  full the generators are, especially parsteel seems to be overly
  abundantly generated vs need so if the wearhouse is full, and you click
  on the generator it releases resources and stops generation; if you
  expect the wearhouse to be full when you click, don't click, it lets all
  generates 'store' more than if you fill the wearhouse and stop
  production
o note that the AI that advises you doesn't always know everything, use
  your brain. I've been bugged to go on missions I can't possibly complete
  because I need to destroy a ship that requires me to have a ship of
  strength 10,000 but I only have a ship of 5,000 .. or it bugs me to
  build a new ship when I haven't even managed to research the plans or
  collect the plans for the given ship!
o alliances.  You joined one.
  o click the icon to give help to members
  o click the 'ask for help' (it can speed up construction/research/repairs)
  o donate extra resources (parsteel seems to be produced more than I use)
    by clicking the alliance icon (lower left) then contribute then '3 AP'
    for 11.25K parsteel, or if you have trantium in abundance etc. The higher
    the level of your alliance, the more help you can send and receive, so
    think of it as a group leveling up of your construction/research/repairs

