Rules Of Engagement (applicable to server 016)
----------------------------------------------

Fair Game to Attack:
- a miner on a mine with 0 resources
- a miner on a mine with recoverable cargo (see below)
- a warship on a mine is fair game to attack
- if you get bumped 'against roe rules' you can attack with your warship and
  get your miner back on (or have help to do so)
- warship in space

Can't Attack:
- a miner actively mining with 0 recoverable cargo and resources still left
  in the mine
- a miner resetting a node with the same ship
- a NorthStar unless 0 node or full (not mining)

Common Courtesy:
- do not monopolize resources (all nodes in one system to one alliance..)
- personal experience suggests that asking when < 1000 units if they will
  be around after reset wins friends, attacking during reset, while permitted,
  wins bad mojo

There are three councils, recently united under one RoE.

Some further verbose reasoning:

Recoverable cargo .. if you tap the mine, it shows you the resource, and has
a [scan] and [attack] button.  If you tap the 'scan' button, you get a battle
lineup.  If you tap the [rewards] chest at the bottom, it will show you
'Enemy Cargo'.  If 'Enemy Cargo' is empty, they are not over their protected
limit.  If you want to see your ship's protected limit, you select your
ship, then tap the [manage] button (only available when at your base), then
on the right choose the 'details' tab and under the 'utility' section you
can see your protected cargo limit.

See 'NOTES.txt' on ship color meaning.

Given that mining resources reset once a miner leaves after resources are 0,
miners that start mining then go afk that deplete the mine are 'wasting' the
potential to mine for others.

Given that there is typically a lot of protected cargo, attacking a miner
that has 0 resources left in the mine sends them back to their base with
resources, and frees up the mine to be mined by others.

Given that a warship (and mot a mining ship) mines much more slowly than
a mining ship, if everybody mined with warships, many fewer resources would
be mined and they would tie up the mines.  Therefore, a warship is 'fair game'
to attack on a mine.

Given that you can scan ships on mines to determine if there is cargo you
could recover, and that it only shows more than 0 if they've gone over
their protected cargo limit, they've exceeded their welcome on the mine and
need to be sent home.

Given that players in the server are becoming more numerous above lvl20 where
g3 is a needed resource, the limited number of mines are a sore thumb.
Generally, higher level players have miners beyond an Envoy, some choose to
purchase a NorthStar, and mines can be mined faster with the faster miners,
freeing them up faster.  Generally higher level players reach deeper into
higher level systems.  So, dividing things into < 28 and 28+ level systems
where envoys without proper captain can be bumped if a player with a faster
miner can get their dailies in is the conclusion enough people have agreed
with that it is now in RoE.

Note your 'Inbox' has a record of your last 20 battles, in the event you
want to write down who attacked you or click on his name to send him a
polite message or check if they got resources (over protected cargo) ;-)

Screenshots are somoetimes necessary to prove various attack scenarios.
The battle report shows who, the battle log 1st entry shows who attacked.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

The above is my verbage and my interpretation of ROE.  The below is the
actual verbage from DC (Dark Council) that the other two councils (LC and CoG)
are following.  It was presented just before 6/11/2019:

Rules of Engagement

1. Raw Materials -Ore/Crystal/Gas

   Miners actively mining are protected unless over protected cargo
   limit or on a zero node.

   Northstars actively mining can only be attacked on zero node or when
   unable to mine (capacity reached).

   Botany Bays are not protected when mining Raw Materials

2. Data -Corrupted/Decoded

   Botany Bays actively mining are protected unless over protected cargo
   limit or on a zero node.

   All other miners are unprotected when mining Data.

3. Common Resources -Dilithium/Tritanium/Parsteel

   Miners actively mining are protected unless on a zero node.

4. Exceptions (Rule D)

   a. In level 29 systems and above on raw material nodes, Envoys &
      Fortunates can be removed in favor of a more efficient miner if no
      other mines can be found and/or a daily needs to be completed.
      Retaliation does not apply to either party when this rule is used.

   b. Scopley events/wars/player made events/and to manage ROE violations
      as deemed necessary by the alliance and/or DC. Notifications will
      be sent out to other alliances as far ahead as feasible.

5. Violations

   a. Minor incidents should be worked out between the involved players,
      especially in the case of a game bug.

   b. Violations result in a 24/hr KOS between the alliance and the aggressor
      if the issue cannot be worked out between the players.

   c. Repeated violations result in retaliation against members of the
      aggressor's alliance. Must be approved by leadership of the victim's
      alliance and notification sent to aggressor's alliance.
